This time it's really a big deal, HSBC, property prices are not
falling again 30% its percent, there will be a chance to fall another 30.8%
Wow, this, is this CEO ah,
Hong Kong character, IQ tone  This is the case, so we have to be very
careful ah, so yeah you know, that is the so-called HSBC's what is called HSBC, which
means that it has the most business information in Hong Kong's
economy, the clearest information about Hong Kong  The that is the bank
, so, so what?  We have to understand very much that is HSBC's
things this is not so simple so Hong Kong's poor economy is known to everyone,
but it is quite bad this way I come to see that is to say HSBC before looking at the overall
situation and the government  Counting the announcement, scare so yeah
April's zero first business total consumption
value, is this one estimated to be 29.6 billion, has fallen through all
30 billion so.  The case year fell 14.7 so 7 ah a few years is